So typically I'm going to take a text and
I'm going to walk through it biblically.
Right?
It's we typically walk through books.
The Bible previously we've walked
through the book of Ephesians.
We've walked through the book of Jonah.
Um, we just got done with the
Christmas series, but today I
want it to take the opportunity
to do two things in this service.
Number one, celebrate
all that God did in 2021.
Even share a little bit of our story, our
journey, since we've started as inspiring.
Um, and celebrate that.
Um, and then the second thing
I want to be able to do is cast
vision for where we believe God's
leading us in 20, 22 as a church.
And we're going to use God's
word to guide us in that.
So what you guys should know about us, and
again, if you don't know us is everything
we do is driven by the word of God.
We believe that it guides and directs how
we will live and how we will go about our
lives and how we'll serve as a church.
And so you'll hear me reference
scriptures that will affirm that,
um, with, within who we are as.
And in doing that.
So again, unique today.
Um, so come back next week.
If you're, if you're saying, Hey, I'm
looking for a text, you know, where you
walk through that scripture week by week?
Um, I will.
So we'll be starting a first Timothy
next week and walking through that.
Um, but today's just a
little bit unique in that.
And so I want to start with just
a little bit about this year.
This year coming up, I believe is
a critical year for us as a church.
See, 20, 22 is really three years in the
making, um, three years in the making.
And let me share the reason why
that is three years ago, this
month, me and my wife, Brittany.
Um, and we only, well, we had
all four kids at that time.
Uh, we synced as we were serving in
a church in Oklahoma, we sensed the
God was leading us to plant a church.
Um, and so we reached out to
an organization within our.
The nomination to see what it
would look like to plant a church.
And we started the journey three
years ago to say, Hey God, would
you call us to go plant a church?
And we lived in Oklahoma at that time.
Little did we know that four months
later, uh, God would call us to
plant a church here in Cincinnati.
Later on in that year of
2019 to plant in Hamilton.
Um, and so we took all of 2019,
really just ramping up of what it's
going to look like to plant a church.
We cast that vision to families
in Oklahoma to come join
us and move here with us.
And the cool part is a couple of
families moved with us from Oklahoma.
To come here, um, in
2020 whenever they moved.
And so we transitioned out of Oklahoma in
2019, um, we fundraise, we sold our home.
We did all these crazy things right
in a year of 2019 and left the day
after Christmas and landed here,
um, in Hamilton, uh, basically
the day after Christmas, 2019.
And so you guys know
what happened in 2020.
I mean, everything happened
in 2020 or what didn't happen.
Right.
And so 2020 was the year where
we came in as a church, I say,
as a church, as six people.
Um, and we partnered with another church
called grace point in Springboro, um, to
just learn what church planting was like.
And so we did a residency for a year
while we got to know our community.
And as we got locked into our
home, as many of you did and
walked through, um, the life of
2020, but the cool part with 2020.
Was this, the God began to build
relationships with people in their
community, within the church that
we were doing a residency with.
Um, and then those families that
had committed to, to plant with
us from Oklahoma moved here.
Um, and by the end of 2020, we had
a church that was meeting in my home
on Wednesday nights of 30 people.
So we went from six people.
We moved here in 2000, 19 to 30.
Uh, and the end of 2020.
And so we launched out of that, uh, I
say launched data, but left that, uh,
residency in 20, 20 and 2021 happened.
Right.
So 2021 for us was we
launched services in April.
Um, and that's almost 10
months ago now, uh, with 36.
And God has by his grace grown that
to almost double that size so that
people that we're ministering to.
So over three years, we've seen
God do some amazing things.
As we've been able to engage our city
through missions, as we've been able
to reach more people as we've been able
to gather together and celebrate what
God has done personally in our lives.
This is one of the coolest things
to me as a church, as we have seen.
Every person that has been a part
of this church grow in some form or
fashion growing their relationship
with Christ growing and being involved.
Um, it has been amazing to see so
many of you, uh, and the ways in
which we've connected with you.
And by again, the grace of God, we've
seen him do some amazing things.
And so we get to celebrate that, right?
So really for us, as we look at 2022,
this is three years in the making
in that three year seems to be.
So it's a short time I go, but whenever
I start thinking about it, it was
a long journey to be where we are.
So I say all that to say this, I
really believe that 2022 is critical.
And again, if you're the first
time you're attending here going
well, man, this is like a tough,
like this is a critical year.
I believe it's critical because this, the
church is moving more and more away from
a church that was started by one family.
And is now a church that is led by
multiple families, which means this.
Now the vision's not just my.
And my wife's vision and the
vision that God gave us, but it's
the vision that God's giving us.
And as the doors God's opening, that means
it's, it's, it's part of all of us owning
that and being a part of growing, not
only the church, but really growing the
kingdom of God as we talk about, right.
The reach in our community, the reach
in our neighbors, um, neighborhoods
and as well in our own lives.
And so, um, something I want to share with
you guys, Um, is some defining verses that
really have driven us as a church that
will continue to drive us as a church.
Um, and again, if you want to, if you
have a buy with, you can pull these up
and look at them and read them alongside,
I don't have them on the screen today.
I'm a poor steward of doing
that, but I'll give them to you.
So exit is 33 15 was a defining verse for
us as we started our journey three years
ago, but it's going to continue to be a
defining verse going forward as a church.
And this is Moses speaking to
God and he says, God, if your
presence does not go with.
Do not send us up from here.
And this was, you know, Moses really
telling God, Hey, we are willing to
go wherever you go, but we will not
move until your presence goes with us.
And every thing that we will do as
a church will pray that same prayer
and we'll pray that same verse.
And we'll say, God, we will
not go unless you go with.
So Hebrews 11 six is another one that we
really had clean clung to as a church.
And that is without faith.
You cannot please.
God, it's impossible to please
God, because anyone who comes to
him must believe he exists and he
rewards those who earnestly seek him.
So we've talked a lot about faith
and so faith is not a hope so, right?
Faith is this.
And this is something that
we've seen along this journey.
Faith is seeing what God sees,
even though we don't know.
Faith is seeing what God sees
you, but then we don't see it not.
So let me explain that
a little bit further.
Faith is seeing God and trusting that
God already sees what you desire to see.
So I'll give you some examples today.
Today, three years ago, when we made a
phone call and we said, Hey, we really
feel like God may be calling us to plant
a church in that moment of faith of
saying, Hey God, we're willing to step
out and go anywhere you want us to.
And that moment we had faith in God.
God was able to see what he sees.
Uh, church, that's making a difference
in his community, a church that
is growing together spiritually
relationally in ways that none of us
would have expected three years ago.
See, today I get to physically
see what God saw three years ago.
See that's faith three years ago.
And so today I'm challenging you and I'm
challenging myself as this without faith.
We can't please God.
And we're going to continue to
have faith to see today what
God is going to see a year from.
And a year from now and a year from now.
And the cool part is God is inviting
each one of us to be a part of that.
Each one of us to be a part of it.
And that's what leads
me to this next verse.
Ephesians three 20 through 21 says now
to him, speaking of God, who is able
to do exceedingly abundantly above
all that we can ask or think according
to the power that works in us to him
be the glory in the church and Christ
Jesus to all generations forever.
See, I love this version
of Ephesians 3 23, 21.
It talks about exceedingly abundantly.
And if you're anything like me,
those two words together are like
huge words, exceedingly abundantly
God desires to do exceedingly
abundantly more than we can ask or
think so it's a church going forward.
We're going to continue to pray
that and believe that that God
can and will do exceedingly
abundantly more in and through us.
Right.
And this is where his.
For his glory.
And so we're going to continue
to do that as a church.
Um, and so this is my prayer
as, as we go forward as 2022.
And I'm gonna start sharing a little
bit about this with you is as the
Lord's presence goes with this in 2022,
we believe that our faith will please
God, as we follow him to see him do
exceedingly abundantly more than we
can ask or think in the lives, our
lives and the lives of those around us.
And so the question is as a
church, where are we heading?
Right.
What is next?
What is your part?
That's the thing that I asked
myself, this question, where
are we heading as a church?
What's next?
And what's your part?
Well, this year we really
believe that God has called us.
To do something where we'll focus
more on leadership development.
And so what does that mean?
And I love to be able to explain this
because I believe that it's biblical
and I believe that it is something
that relates to each one of us.
Um, and that's one of the reasons
why we're going through first
and second Timothy this year
is first and second Timothy.
We'll talk about leadership
for second Timothy.
We'll talk about the last couple of
years of the apostle Paul's life.
And he will give us, um, a lot
of wisdom on how we can do that.
Um, and one of my favorite verses
from that is second Timothy, two two,
where Paul says to Timothy, what you
have heard from me in the presence
of many witnesses, commit to faithful
men who will teach others also.
And so that's our desire in 2022 is to
take what we have heard from the word
of God and commit them to faithful men
and women, to be able to teach others.
And so the question is how are
we going to develop leaders?
How are we going to develop each one of us
into the leaders that lead other people?
Well, I'm not going to veer far
from who we are as a church.
And so our mission as a church is
to inspire hope by helping people
discover God's purpose for their
life through relationship with Jesus.
And we believe we fulfill that, right.
We believe that every
person has a purpose.
By God, divine by God now,
different gifts, different avenues.
Every one of you worked somewhere
different, lived somewhere
different, has a different
number of kids or no kids, right?
Every one of you has a purpose
this side of heaven, and we
want to help you discover it
through relationship with Jesus.
I want you to help me to separate my
purpose through relationship with Jesus.
You say, Hey, you're a pastor.
You should know that.
No, I'm still discovering that
every day that I follow Jesus.
And so how do we do that as.
Well, we teach people to discover their
purpose by following Jesus, by living
in community, by serving those around
them and by expanding God's kingdom.
And so how I'm going to explain
the leadership side of things this
year is through those four things.
And I'm gonna explain some
more things that we're going
to be involved in this year.
And so as a church, how are we going to,
to follow Jesus and live in community?
Well, as I begin to just really
seek the word of God to develop
leaders means to develop.
And so most of you probably know
this is that you can't have a leader.
If you didn't go to the business
board, you can't have a leader until
you develop that leader, right.
Until you actually develop them
to even know the culture, to
know who God is really for us.
Right.
And so Matthew four 19 came to mind and
maybe some of, you know, this verse that
Matthew four 19 says, come follow me.
And this is Jesus speaking.
And Jesus said to them,
I will make you fishers.
So, how does that apply to us as a
church in leadership development?
Well, we know that it requires following
Jesus before we ever follow and become
a leader to lead other people to Jesus.
And so, uh, the one things that I
know with this, when we say, um,
Jesus saying, come follow me as I
know that you, as a church should
never come follow me as a person.
Um, cause I'm gonna fail you.
You shouldn't go follow somebody else
because they're going to fail you as well.
And so as a church, if we all follow.
He won't fail us.
And that's my challenge to you.
And I think my challenge to myself as
well, to make sure that my eyes are
fixed on Jesus as we move forward.
But Jesus is very clear.
He says, if, if you go follow him,
he will make you fishers of men.
So how does becoming fishers of men
develop leaders or make followers of
Christ or even fulfill our mission?
Well, the ultimate purpose of every
follower of Jesus is to go make disciples.
And so that means each of
us has the same purpose.
But that doesn't mean we'll
accomplish it the same way.
We're all gifted in different ways.
So how do I bring this together here?
So developing leaders starts
with developing disciples.
Developing disciples starts with
teaching people to follow Jesus.
And so everybody fits
somewhere on this list.
Either you are a leader that's developing
disciples, or you're a disciple that is
teaching people about Jesus or you're
the one that's learning about Jesus.
Maybe you're somewhere in there.
You're learning about.
And so how's that going to work this
year as a church, as we move forward
as a church, and this is a defining
year, how's it going to look forward?
Well, for me as a pastor, one of the
things I'm trying to transition out of,
which is so funny, because I started
thinking about this this morning, you
know, as a pastor, I'm part of the setup
crew, I'm part of the parking lot crew
I'm part of the, today was security
in the back until, you know, service.
Uh, it kind of got started
and I could lock the door to
make sure nobody comes in.
And then, and then sometimes I do the
welcome and then sometimes I'm doing so,
like, I'm a part of, a lot of things.
Well, I want to be able to do a little bit
more focusing on leadership development.
So as God has brought me to this
point, I want to this year in 2020
to focus on developing leaders, which
means this I'm going to spend a little
less time, probably doing tasks.
And this is why we hired Elisa in
for, um, uh, 10 hours a week to help
me be able to focus more on that.
And I'm going to spend a little bit of
time in every one of those areas, right?
Developing disciples and
teach others about Jesus.
You're not going to miss that part of
it, but I'm going to focus on developing.
But our core team and those of
you who would say, Hey, who's
on the core team, will those who
helped us launch inspiring hope?
What are they going to be doing this year?
Well, they're going to be focused on
focusing on making disciples, right?
And in some form or fashion, they've
been doing that, but they're going to
focus more of their effort on that.
Well, how's that going to look, anybody
that's newer to inspire and hope
is going to be invested in by them.
And so, as they build relationships
with you, their goal is to invest
in you and help you discover your
purpose through a relationship with G.
And so who's, who's the other part, right?
The other part is anybody
that's maybe a, a new member or
maybe you're just an attender.
Maybe this first time you're coming.
You're saying what's my part
in 2022, it's for you to be
involved in what God's doing here.
It's for you to learn from those who
are pouring into you, being a part of
what God's doing, and ultimately become
someone that develops disciples, right?
So you're going to be poured
into, to become a disciple maker.
And the disciple makers will be the ones
that are poured into, to become leaders.
That are serving alongside me.
And that's kind of a short version
of what that's going to look like
this year and focusing our efforts
more on developing relationships.
So again, as a church, we want
to teach you to follow Jesus.
And those are things that we're going
to do in 2022 to make sure we do that.
Number two, we talk about
living in community guys.
Community is so important to in
life together is so important.
And as a church, we will
continue to prioritize that over.
Most things.
And so you see us as a church.
We're, we're, we're smaller, right?
We're newer, but we want to have a
relaxed atmosphere that says this
isn't a, this isn't a program.
This is, this is not something we're
trying to put on an experience.
We're literally wanting
to do life together.
And so you'll see our worship
is a worship that's inviting.
This has let's worship together.
Let's not worship to you.
Let's live life together.
And one of the coolest things
I just had this conversation
with Jackie was something tragic
has happened with her son.
Luckily he's, he's fine.
But she said, this church showed
up when I needed them and her
life has changed because of it.
And thank you so much for sharing that,
because what that told me is we're
doing what God's called us to do, to be
the body of Christ, to work together,
to love and support one another.
So we're going to continue
to live in community.
So as we do this, right, we're
going to be putting this emphasis
on developing leaders and teaching
people to follow Jesus, right.
In order to see each person discover
their purpose and to teach them to help
other people discover their purpose.
We're going to focus on this.
So is that the only thing we're
going to focus on as a church?
No, but I'll tell you this.
If we don't focus on that first,
we'll miss the rest of it.
So we're going to continue to focus
on developing leaders, developing
disciples, teaching people about.
And growing people up to know him, because
if, and I think Jenna said this great
whenever she was sharing earlier, if
we don't teach people to follow Jesus,
we can teach them to be good people,
but we're missing the greatest part
because our relationship with Jesus
is the number one priority in each one
of our lives to know him and for him
to know us, the God of the universe
wants to know you personally, he does.
Doesn't want to be this
figurehead that's in your life.
He wants to know you and
he wants you to know him.
And I think so much about this.
My wife doesn't want me
to just exist with her.
She wants me to know her and for me to
know her and to be able to get to know
one another and do life together and
God desires that same thing for you.
But so whenever we think about this,
right, I think of Matthew 28, 18
through 20 affirms, everything we're
talking about is where God says
go therefore and make disciples.
And so we're going to do that,
but that's not the only thing
that we're going to focus on.
Right?
We also want to focus on serving
those around us and expanding gutsy.
So our call is a church to serve
the community and expand God's
kingdom is going to ramp up.
So one of the things you've seen, maybe
if you've been here and if you haven't,
you'll get to hear a bit about it.
Today is we focused on
serving our community.
Once a month, we take a Sunday,
we don't have a service.
And we say, we're serving our
community in some form or fashion.
We are changing that a little bit by being
a little bit more organized and planned.
We're going try to be more
focused on our efforts.
And one of those is you guys actually
heard about what we're doing in our.
Four weeks in advance rather
than a couple of weeks advance.
Right?
So we're going to be a
little bit better at that.
We're going to be including
more of you in this.
And this is one of the coolest parts.
We had a local missions team meeting
several months ago, and I think there
was six or eight people in there,
which means it's not just being
led by one person, but it's all of
us taking ownership and planning,
organizing, and doing these things.
And so we're going to do
that, um, a little bit more.
One of the things that I want to share
with you guys that is new this year, that.
It is going to be one of our
biggest focuses is our location.
Um, so this location where you're
at again, if you weren't here, when
we first started this location,
this was just a storage room.
And so we were able to come in partner
with pathway to say, Hey, how can we
get this space prepared for your future
ministry, um, to expand and for us to
meet here for a time and they loved it.
And so we got done doing the
floors and the walls, and we
put up a few of the things and.
We told them this, whenever we
need to leave, we will leave so
that your ministry can expand.
And so I had a conversation recently
with the director here and she said, Hey,
we're getting ready to expand this year.
And so what that told me is our time is
coming to a close here at pathway, but
the opportunity to go serve our community
some other way is coming together.
And so this year we believe
that our future location,
wherever it is, is going to.
The community and serve the church.
And so does anybody here want to
know where the next location is?
I do too.
When you find out, let me know, um,
because that's what we're doing right now.
Uh, we've got some time I say
this, uh, probably by the summer
to early fall, we're shooting
to find a space to move into.
Um, and so as the Lord has led me in
and the conversations that I've had in
the community, I really believe that
the Lord is opening a door for us to do
something with the multi-use facility.
Um, and what that means is that we're
talking about, and again, We are a
church that wants to do two things.
We want to be cost-effective.
Um, and we want to be simple.
Well cost-effective is not
purchasing a facility or renting a
facility and using it once a week
it's to use it during the week.
And so we want to be able to do that.
And so we think that there could be an
opportunity for us to open up something,
um, on the west side of Hamilton.
Um, where we can have an afterschool rec
center or something like that, where kids
could come over, hopefully in walking
distance of Wilson, middle school,
possibly the high school to be able to
get help on homework, to be able to just
have a safe place, to hang out, to get
great mentorship for us to love on them.
Um, and again, just
bring a great atmosphere.
I don't know where that's going to be.
I have no clue haven't found it yet.
Um, and again, if you have
any ideas, you let me know.
That's something that
we're interested in, in.
Talking about, because we believe
that God's called us here to
reach a community and minister
to a community, not displaying a
church, not displaying a church.
And so again, this location, um,
we'll, we'll, we'll hopefully do that.
And so one of the things that,
again, we could be looking for is
just a temporary space right now.
So as, again, as you're, you're praying
and seeking the Lord, it could just be a
temporary space until we figure that out.
Um, I don't really know.
Um, but it also could be a permanent.
Um, as well, but here's what we do know.
And I want, I want to make sure
in communicate this, we want this
location to be a strategic location
that serves the community first
and then a space for us to meet on
Sundays, serves our community first,
and then as a space for us on Sundays.
I love Sunday worship.
I absolutely do.
But if our space caters more to
our Sunday worship than it does
to our community, we've missed
out on who we are as a church.
I don't want to change
the identity as a church.
Our identity is to be served.
And we'll meet somewhere somehow
some way, because that will
happen because we love each other.
Right.
I mean, I love you guys.
I don't want you.
Okay.
But I didn't get here much back.
So I'm really starting to wonder.
Um, but what I would say is that that's
going to be a big focus for us this year
and the fact of not distracting us from
our mission, but to be a part of our.
Not to distract us permission
to be a part of our mission.
Right?
So our, we talked a
little bit about our surf.
Sundays are gonna be a little bit
different, but one of the things I want
to mention to you are serving ranching,
ramping up the, in the community this
year is this past year we had around
six to seven mission teams and mission
teams, our teams, um, and other churches
that have partnered with us outside
the state of, uh, of Ohio, um, to
come in and help serve our community.
This year, we have plans, I guess they
planned, um, estimated around 12 missions.
From about five different states that
will come in and partner with us.
That's estimated of over 200
people that will come in and spend
about a week here throughout this
year to come serve our community.
Well what's how are we going to do that?
I mean, trust me, I'm starting
to work with Lisa right now.
How are we going to do that?
But I know this it's an opportunity to
come in and say that we love Hamilton.
We love the organizations
that are making a difference.
And one of the things you guys have
heard me say over and over again,
we will, we will invest in school.
As we have in the past and some of the
cool things we've got to do, and I'm
so glad that, uh, Josh is here today.
Um, we've got to invest in
Riverview, which is right up the
road elementary by investing in
their staff, going and helping with
mentorship, purchasing clothes for
the kids and this mentorship program.
Um, bringing school supplies.
Um, we've also went to
Wilson middle school.
I just went there on Friday.
One of the coolest things miss  at Wilson.
Um, I showed up on Friday.
She gave me a shirt, put
me in the sat picture.
I loved it because I love their staff.
Their staff is amazing.
We brought gifts for them.
I actually brought snacks for
their staff or their staff lounge
with encouraging messages on them.
Um, I know that it's difficult to,
to, to, to basically, uh, for the
teachers and staff to deal with.
We want them to know that we support
them 100% and we also want to minister
to the kids and the families as well.
So we're going to, to ramp that up as much
as we possibly can through our mission
teams and partnering with them as well.
Um, and same thing with
our local missions.
And I want to share this.
I thought this was cool.
So from 2021, we spent, um,
I wanted to look my number
specifically, or we spent 32.
$32,000 on missions.
This year, 25,000 of that was local 7,000.
That was helping international church
plants as well as our, our organization
that we were planting through.
But if you include pathway and the
money that we invested here, that we're
leaving every bit of this space for their
future space, we spent close to $45,000.
I want you guys to just look around here.
We're at, I mean, we're
growing as a church, right.
But $45,000 in missions and
over probably 35 of that was.
Praise God.
Yeah, there we go.
Come on.
I want to increase that.
I want to continue to invest
more and more and more why?
Because we want to make this community
better now because they need our help.
It's because we desire to be here where
we're not here as like fixers we're
here as just what I would say to join
the mission of what Hamilton's already.
Right to invest in families and to
invest in schools and to invest in
the community to make it greater.
And I'll tell you this it's because of
Jesus that we get to do that it's because
we want to be the light of Christ to the
world that says that Jesus loves them.
And that Jesus says that he came
first to serve, not to be served.
And as a church, I want the
last thing to be told of us.
Taking something from the community.
I want it to be known to us,
uh, giving to the community.
And so we will continue to prioritize
that as a church this year, more and more.
So I wanted, I wanted to
just remind you guys of this.
Whenever we came to plant and make the
decision of whether God was calling us to
plant in Hamilton, the number one reason
why I believe that God had burdened.
My heart is one of the statistics
that I think may be higher now
was 51% of the homes that had
parents or somebody that had kids
in homes were single parent homes.
I think that statistics probably
higher now from what I'm hearing,
but if that's true, there's more
families that need our help.
Then we had the ability to.
So what's that mean?
So this, this goes into
the next part, right?
We want to be a church that not only
serves, but that expands God's kingdom.
And so we want to expand God's
kingdom by multiplying disciples,
which are already talked about we're
focused this year on that, right?
By multiplying our inspire groups, which
means doing community more with people.
And so we'll do that by training up
more leaders and starting more groups.
But the last one is
starting more churches.
How are we going to start another church?
I mean, we're just getting started here.
Well, we've always said this.
We didn't come to Hamilton
to plant one church.
We came to Hamilton to plant
multiple churches that we
believe this community needs.
And one of the things that God may
be opening the door for us to do
and against for some of you, this
may not be surprising, but we have
possibly a connection to plant
Hispanic church here in Hamilton.
Um, again, by God's grace
God's story, a plane.
Um, to rain, basically, I was going
to speak somewhere on a plane ride
to a connection, to a phone call
to a family that feels like God's
calling me to plant a church.
Um, and I'll tell you this, the more time
that I've spent in the schools, I think.
Less to the parents than probably
any of the Hispanic connections that
I know of because I just, I just
don't have the ability to do that.
And so we're talking to this
couple, it is, is a PR process.
So we're still new to this.
That again, I'm just telling you
this to say, Hey, we have a chance
to possibly plan a Spanish church
in the future here in Hamilton.
I think there's a need, well,
what's the Hispanic church gonna do.
It's going to.
R I want to say, rDNA, don't have
to have our name, but I'm saying
our DNA of serving the community and
meeting the needs in the community.
And so I'm super excited about that
opportunity for us to possibly do that.
Um, and so that's crazy.
How could we plant another church?
I'm just telling you this.
We will not.
Um, I'm going to try to
say this in the right way.
We will not dishonor
God by small thinking.
We believe God can, and
he will do more than one.
Ever think or ask, and I'll tell you
this, it, this it's not about us.
I don't care if our name gets put in.
It's not about our name.
It's about Jesus.
I want to see people's lives changed.
I seen a period every week.
Let me just be real with you.
I say for every week, not knowing
how the heck God can use me to share.
I'm not that gifted in
the fact of who I am.
I'm passionate for Jesus.
I'm passionate for you.
And the more that you get to know
me, and if you don't know this.
I care for you.
I don't care for your attendance,
even though I'd love to see you.
I don't care for your money, even though
I'd love for you to give I care for you.
And I believe that there's more people
in this church that believe that same
thing, that they care for you as well.
And that's why we do life together.
And we want other people in this community
and other people in your neighborhoods,
wherever you live to know that same
thing that you care for them, that
you love them, that you support them.
And that Jesus loves them.
And that's what drives.
And as a church, we will
continue starting this year.
We're going to continue
it even more, right.
To be a church that exists to
inspire hope by helping people
discover God's purpose for the life
through relationship with Jesus.
We will do that by following
Jesus, ourselves, and teaching
other people to follow Jesus.
We will do that by living in community
and inviting people into that community.
We will do that by serving first in
our community and those around us,
we will do it by expanding God's.
For his glory, our good, and for the
ability to celebrate more and more
every single day that we live that way.
And so the question is then
is this vision too big?
I asked myself this question.
So I, I do this a lot in my messages.
I finished a message and I go,
all right, Ben, what's this mean?
Like, what is this?
Is this.
Is developing leaders who make disciples
too big as find a new location and
invest in our community too big is
investing more money and time and people
and serving our community too big is
starting another church at this point.
And in our ministry too
big for us, absolutely.
100%, 100% for us.
It is not for God, not for God.
And in every day that I see Kim
and we seek him together because
this is our church, right?
It's not mine.
It's our church.
As we seek.
And we depend upon him.
Oh gosh, no, this, this may be too small.
And guess what?
If he comes back to us and challenges
us to up it, we will, because I want
to be a part of what God's doing.
I don't know about you.
I want to be a part of it and we
have a choice to be a part of it.
So God desires and I, I
challenged myself in this.
God is ours to reach this city,
your neighbors, my neighbors,
our community, more than.
So sometimes whenever I get a
little frustrated about maybe
why isn't God doing this?
Why isn't God doing that?
God reminds me, oh, I really care more
than you do and what this church does
and how we invest in this community.
So I'm gonna challenge you that this
statement, again, I believe this year
is the defining year for us as a church,
because it has changed from a church
that was started by a family to now
it is led by families who love Jesus,
who decided to see their community.
And supported and served and
wants to see his kingdom expanded.
So how do we conclude today?
This is my challenge for you.
We do something called an invitation
and an invitation is an opportunity
to reflect on what was shared today.
And again, today was not a typical
message where I'm walking through
a text, but I'm telling you
this, I believe God is all over.
I believe God is in every
aspect and every part of it.
And so Darren invitation,
it's an opportunity to say I'm
going to reflect in this time.
So as, as Brock leads, as, as, as he
leads, worship this, this for this
time, I want you to reflect and ask
God this question, God, what's my part.
What is my part?
Because I'll tell you this
and, and challenging you.
This may be your first time here.
And you're saying, I just showed up.
I mean, somebody invited me.
Uh, I'm not going to be a part of this
cause I'm, uh, I'm trust me, like you
have a part in this, please like seek
the Lord and say, Hey, what is it?
Maybe you came in just like,
man, I'm having a rough week.
And I don't even, I'm telling you,
God wants you to be a part of it.
So during this time of invitation, I want
you to ask the Lord this question, what
is it, Lord that I need to be a part of.
You know, and I want to give you some,
some opera opportunities, some, some
things that you may say, well, I don't
know what the, the next part of it is.
So, so here's the number one.
If you want to be a part of what God's
doing here at inspiring hope, I'll tell
you you'll be hard pressed to do it
without the number one most important
thing that we've talked about all day.
If you haven't followed Jesus yet,
if you haven't given your life
to Jesus, if you're still kind of
wondering about that, that's your next.
And that's not me being like
legalistic or like narrow minded.
That's me saying, Hey, like
that's who we're about.
So to be a part of what we're doing,
like that's going to be a key aspect
and what we're doing, and if you're
not there yet, here's my thing.
I'm not going to be this person that
twist your arm to give your life to Jesus.
If you're not there yet, please keep
coming in pursuing that relationship.
Cause maybe that's your next step.
Just keep pursuing, keep
asking, keep seeking.
So for some of you, it could
be to give your life to Jesus.
Once you give your life to Jesus.
Please come talk to me after service.
I want to talk to you.
I want you to know him.
I don't want to be able to talk to
you about that for some of you, it
could be just living in community.
You're coming on Sundays, but you're
missing the greatest community possible,
which is when we meet during the week.
And what I always say, meet
they're meeting during the
week we pull our hair down.
If we have it, that means we're
probably a little bit more laid
back and we take whatever message
was was preached on Sunday.
We take that message and we say,
Hey, how do we live this out?
How do we live this out last week, it
was setting godly new year's resolutions.
And I laughed because we came
into group and I said, how many
of you set new year's resolutions?
None of them raised their hands.
That mean that message went out the door.
So here's what I did.
How do we set godly
resolutions, not new years.
What's a resolution.
It's a strong firm decision to do, or
to not do something every day, every
day we can make resolutions, whether you
believe in new year's resolutions or not.
So what do we do?
We pulled our hair down.
We we leaned in and we said, what's
it look like to be a better version
of ourselves for the glory of God.
And we got to talk about that.
We get to encourage one another.
We get to pray together.
See that's the community
that God's inviting you to.
So maybe that's your next step for
some of you really, it could just
be coming to a next steps launch in
learning more about inspiring hope and
saying, Hey, maybe our next step is,
is to be a part of this church and we
have a next steps lunch next Sunday.
And you can sign up on the
next steps table as well.
For some of you, it could be being more
involved in our serving our community.
Um, anybody that wants to go with
me to the schools administer.
Come on anybody that feels like God's
leading them to do something in their
community or their neighborhood go.
And we'll resource you support you and
send you maybe it's God just asking
you, challenging you to step up your
game and serving those around you.
The last is maybe it's God challenging
you to expand God's kingdom.
And so you may say, well, we're, we're not
even there yet, but some of you could be,
some of you could be sitting in this room.
You've been a part of our
core team for a while.
And you're saying God's called.
To start an inspire group.
God's calling me to disciple a person.
God is calling me, even though we haven't
started it to be a part of the next
church plan, we would celebrate that.
Maybe that's what God's calling you to.
I don't know.
I gave you nine options.
Find one, choose it, pray over it.
Okay.
That's just a challenge.
Um, because God desires to
use every single one of you.
We are a resource from God
and, and, and his thing.
If you have a pulse today,
maybe you need to fill it.
You have.
God's not done with you yet.
And until the day that you meet him in
heaven, God's not done with you yet.
So please, please, please.
Don't miss out on the
opportunity to say yes to Jesus.
I'll say this last thing.
There's someone, there's someone waiting
on you on the other side of your yes.
To one of those things I'm telling
you guys, when we said yes to
planting in Oklahoma, we had no.
No family, no resources, no guarantee.
And you know, the only thing that
kept going through my head is
there someone waiting for me on
the other side of my obedience.
And I'm so glad I've seen
so many people be changed.
Not because I'm good.
I'm just so you go because God's
good to meet everything that we
needed in order to be here today.
We love every one of you, even if
I don't know, you still love you.
But God loves you more so as we take
time to reflect, seek the Lord, take some
time as we have this time of invitation.
And if there's a question that
you have, you need prayer.
I'm going to be in the back.
I want to talk with you.
If it's after service, once we're
done with service and you want to
talk to me, I'm going to be in the
back, which means this I'm here
to help you and your next step.
Amen.
All right, let's pray, Lord Jesus.
We thank you Lord.
For this.
And Lord, I pray that it was honoring
to you because Lord, if it wasn't,
I play a pray Lord that you read
everything that wasn't honoring to
you from everybody's minds and hearts,
Lord, that's what I want to be.
And that's what this church wants to
be as a church that honors you with
everything that we do the Lord, we
would not bring anything Lord before
any person, the desiccant Lord speak
volumes of who you are in their life.
Jesus, you know what each
person here needs to do or what
step they need to take Lord?
Not because they have to lower
because they get to Lord.
I pray that each person is there
praying today and seeking Lord
what their next step may be.
Lord, that they don't feel
burdened in a negative way.
Lord, that their burden is to be a
part of this bigger, bigger picture.
Lord, this bigger thing that you're
doing here in our church, in our.
So Lord give each person the wisdom
to know what that is or give each
person just the knowledge and
understanding and the, the faith
Lord to trust you in that next step.
Because Lord, when they take that
next step Lord, you will bring about
such a joy and a peace and a hope.
And Lord you'll change not only
their lives, but the lives of the.
God, I'm just praying that you move.
Like you've never moved before in our
church, Lord and Lord, may it start with
me, Lord, may I first consider everything
that I've challenged everyone to and may I
consider Lord what my next step may be so
that I can lead the charge Lord, because
Lord, I want to honor you with my life.
And so Lord, we just pray
this in your headline name.
Amen.